-- Fifth set of questions--
1. What's the difference between a DOM object "attribute" and a "property"?
Attributes are additional information which we can put in the HTML to initialize certain DOM properties.
Properties are formed when the browser parses the HTML and generates the DOM.
2. What are advantages and disadvantages using libraries/frameworks in your project?
Advantages - It provides efficiency, most of the times most security issues are addressed and it is secured, it is an open source.
Disadvantages - It cannot me modified. Users can use extensions but the general code should not be modified. As well it requires a big chunck of code.
3. What is a LocalStorage and SessionStorage? How do they differ?
LocalStorage - Shared between all tabs and windows from the same origin, data doesn't expire after closing browser or even restarting OS.
SessionStorage - Exists only within the current browser and single tab. Data survives page refresh but resets after closing/opening tab.
4. What is CDN? Why is it useful?
A content delivery network (CDN) refers to a geographically distributed group of servers which work together to provide fast delivery of Internet content.
CDN is beneficial as it improves website load time, reduces bandwidth costs, Increasing content availability and improves webs security.
5. Waiting for all data to load synchronously before being able to act makes UX (user
experience) terrible. What are the main technologies for asynchronous data loading?
Asynchronous JavaScript and XML (Ajax) - is a set of web development techniques using many web technologies on the client side to create asynchronous web applications. It uses such technologies as HTML, XML, JSON.
6. What does XHR stand for? Why is it useful (or not)?
XHR stands for XMLHttpRequest. It is fairly old technology and more useful (which replaced XHR) is Fetch. Fetch makes it easier to make asynchronous HTTP requests in JavaScript.
7. What are the most common HTTP response codes? Which are related to a success and
which are related to a failure?
1xx Informational response. (100 - Continue, 101 - Switching Protocols, 102 - Processing, etc.)
2xx Success. (200 - OK, 202 - Accepted, etc.)
3xx Redirection. (301 - Moved Permanently, 302 - Moved Temporarily, etc.)
4xx Client errors. (400 - Bad Request, 403 - Forbidden, 404 - Not Found, etc.)
5xx Server errors.  (500 - Internal Server Error, 504 - Gateway Timeout, etc.)
8. What are promises? How do they differ from callbacks?
Promises are JavaScript objects that represent an eventual completion or failure of an asynchronous operation.
Key difference - when using callback approach, normally callback is passed into a function, that is being called upon completion in orer to get the results. In promises callbacks can be attached on the returned promise object.
9. Not all JS code can run on all browsers. What are polyfills? Can you create your own
polyfill?
A polyfill is a piece of code (usually JavaScript on the Web) used to provide modern functionality on older browsers that do not natively support it. 
Yes, polyfill can be created. 