--FOURTH SET OF QUESTIONS--

1. Why JavaScript is used on websites? Is it used only on the front-end? 
JavaScript is used on websites because of its handines. It can be executed while you are on the page with no need for a page reload. JavaScript can be used in back-end, mobile aps and in development of games as well. 
2. What do JavaScript functions prompt, alert and confirm do? 
Prompt - displays a box that prompts the visitor for input, alert- display a box with message and OK button, confirm - displays a box with message, OK and Cancel buttons.
3.Why is it preferred to include javascript and css code as separate files?
To maintain a separation of content.
4. What data types are in javascript?
Number, string, object, boolean, array.
5. What’s the difference between == and ===?
=== strict equality, type and value of comparing are identical, == loose equality, checks only if the type is the same.
6. What is the difference between undefined and null in JavaScript?
Null is an empty and non exsistent value that has to be assigned. 
Undefined is a value that is decrlared but not assigned.
7. How to get the type of variable?
By using typeOf operator before value.
8. How to convert number to string? string to number?
Number to string - toString()
String to number - Number()
9.What does "short-circuiting" mean in javascript context?
It is a simple way of writing if statements. An example would be the usage of the following:
&&(and) operator returns true if only both of its co are true.
||(or) operator returns flase if both operands are false.
10. What are "truthy" and "falsy" values?
Falsy values - false, undefined, null, "", Nan, 0 anything else is considered to be thruthy.
11. How scope works in JavaScript?
Scope manages the accessability of variables, defines the idea of global and local variables. 
12. Explain variable “hoisting”.
Puting variables and function declaration into memory during the compile phase and they stay exactly there, where they are typed.
13. What is "use strict"? What are the advantages and disadvantages to using it?
Defines that JavaScript code should be executed in "strict mode".
Advantages - more secure(you cant accidentaly create a new variable), improves performance and acuraccy.
Disadvantages - more errors are present, some features disabled,  more strict and may interfare with normal mode.
14. What is the difference between function declaration and function expression?
Function declarations load before any code is executed while Function expressions load only when the interpreter reaches that line of code.
15. What does it mean "javascript functions are first-class"?
Means that functions have ability to be saved in variables and passed around as arguments.
16. How to declare a named function? An anonymous function?
Named function - function x(){}
Anonymous functions - let x = function () {}
17. What is a prototype?
Prototype -  is a reference to another object and contains common attributes/properties across all instances of the object
18. What is a "closure"? How to create it?
Clouser is a combination of functions that give access to an outer function's scope from an inner funciton.
To create it you need to define a function, declare a variable and add another function inside that uses that variable.
19. What are "higher order functions"?
Functions that operate by using other functions (taking them as arguments or by returning them).
20. What is event bubbling and capturing?
Bubbling - when event happens on an element, then on its parent, then on parents parent and so on.
Capturing - when event goes down to the element, then targeting happens when the target element is reached and finally bubbling takes place.
21. What is unit testing? How can it be beneficial?
Unit testing - running a test code and checking input and output over a segment of the code. 
Beneficial - individual areas can be tested.
22. Describe Test-driven development.
TTD - it is a approach of developing when you write tests before you write acctual application code. Therefore, unit tests are used.
23. Describe Behaviour-driven development.
BBD - is very similar to TTD but differ as all tests are written in human-readable language so it can be understood between devs, QAs and BAs. Its purpose  is to define the behaviour of a feature through examples in plain text.
24. What is NodeJS?
Node.js is an open source server environment, its cross-platform and it runs JS outside browser.
25. What are most popular uses of Node?
Used in building online-chats, streaming, browser games.
26. What is the difference between normal function and arrow function?
Arrow function doesn't consist a name, curly brackets are not necessary if there is only one statement, it cannot be used as constructors and function doesnt have its own 'thi' and 'arguments'.